add a "Code of Conduct" (#186)
pspdev/pspsdk: README.md

You can find PSPDev Maintainers over at https://discord.gg/bePrj9W in the #psp-toolchain channel :)

### Code of Conduct

We're all here to build software and have fun with our PSPs, and everyone deserves to be able to do that without fear of harassment.

> Please follow our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), and feel free to contact the PSPDev Maintainers if you think something isn't right.

Author: ```suggestion
Please follow our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), and we encourage you to contact the PSPDev Maintainers if you think something isn't right.
```
